knit sliding loop
and then inside the sliding loop
knit 9 crochet 1 1 2
everything
8 and 9
then we slide a sliding loop and
we connect the first and last loops
close by connecting loop
now knit 6 air loops 1 2 3 4
5 and 6
we crouch on a hook and skipping 3
tabs on the fourth loop vdevaem
hook and knit
double crochet and knit in
this loop
5 more posts with one double bow 2
4 and at the same point knit 5
single crochets now
knit the next loop
connecting loop and here we have the first
the leaf is ready then a little bit
take out the loop out of it
hook
move the leaf away and draw the hook into
previous base loop
grab our discarded loop and
we drag
loop through the bases
further knit mystic in the same way
we knit 6 air loops 1 2 3 4 5
we do nakid on a hook we pass three
loop in the fourth loop will be
knit
6 single crochet posts 1
terry not
four
five
and 6
and then the next loop of the base here's
here we knit a connecting loop and
Here we have 2 leaves ready next
knitting repeat exactly the same
take out a little loop then
bend the leaf and in the previous loop
the bases we take a hook we seize
our loop that we left and
drag it through the loop of the base and
continue to knit the next sheet
in the same way, I tied all those
crosses and this is my flower
It turned out and here are a few more flowers
made in this way